Create repro.md (#44883)
dotnet/aspnetcore: docs/repro.md

# Bug Report Reproduction Guide

> When customers plan to report an issue with the ASP.NET Core framework, we will most likely ask them to provide a so called `minimal repro project`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When customers plan to report an issue with ASP.NET Core, we will most likely ask them to provide a so called `minimal reproduction project (repro)`.
```

> This document describes what a minimal repro project is, and why it's important to us.

Author: Thanks. I've added a note about this in the first paragraph.

## What is a minimal repro project?
A repro, or a reproduction is a project, which can be used to reproduce the reported behavior with minimal effort from a product team, which has the minimum code required to demonstrate the concerning behavior.

Here are the steps for creating such a project:

> - Create a new project, based on one of the ASP.NET Core project templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a new project, based on one of the ASP.NET Core project templates.
  - **Please use the `Empty*` project templates** if they're available for that project type.
```

> - Add the minimum amount of code necessary to reproduce the behavior you try to report on this newly created project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the minimum amount of code necessary to reproduce the behavior you are reporting on this newly created project.
```

> - Make sure you don't add any dependencies that are irrelevant to the behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure you **do not** add any dependencies that are irrelevant to the behavior.
```

> - Make sure you don't add any dependencies, which are irrelevant to the behavior.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Make sure you don't add any dependencies that are irrelevant to the behavior.
```

The current phrasing makes it sound like you're asking them to never add any dependencies at all

Author: Thanks @wtgodbe 👍

- Host the project as a public repository in GitHub
- Make sure you haven't included any binaries in your project (this is usually about the `bin` and `obj` folders in your project)
  Note: that this step is important and we won't be able to open zip attachments in your issues.

>   Those are potential attack vectors that we try to avoid at all cost.

Reviewer 3: nit
```suggestion
  Zip files are potential attack vectors that we try to avoid at all cost.
```

  
  ## Important consideratoins

>   - **Never** include any sensitive information in your reproduction project
>   - **Never** include any code that is not intended to be publicized in a repro

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Never** include any sensitive information in your reproduction project.
  - **Never** include any code that is not intended to be public in a repro.
```

# Bug Report Reproduction Guide

When customers plan to report an issue with ASP.NET Core, we will most likely ask them to provide a so called `minimal reproduction project (repro)`.
This serves two purposes:

> - it helps the issue reporters to validate their assumptions by trying to recreate the behavior in a new project
> - it helps to avoid guess-work and helps with speedy investigations. Also, it helps us to provide workarounds if such applicable, much sooner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It helps issue reporters validate their assumptions by trying to recreate the behavior in a new project.
- It helps eliminate ambiguity and speeds up investigations. We may also be able to provide workarounds in certain scenarios.
```
